Inspiron
For home and home office
Stay connected with computing that’s easy and inspiring. With this versatile family of laptops, you can count on Inspiron to deliver exactly what you need. 

ins 3000
Rs.24,490.00
Laptops and 2-in-1s featuring Intel® processors and optional touch displays on select systems.

ins 5000
Rs.39,190.00
Enjoy great features in a lighter, thinner design with optional Full HD touch displays, backlit keyboards and longer battery life.

ins 7000
Rs.67,690.00
Laptops and 2-in-1s featuring high-performance power and in a beautiful design.

ins 7000 gaming
Rs.84,990.00
38.1cm (15) performance laptop with Intel® processors and the latest graphics for a new level of fun, games and videos.

Alienware
For high-performance gaming
Fuel the epic win and enjoy the most immersive PC gaming experience anywhere. Choose from ultra-powerful notebooks powered by high-end technology. 

alien 13
Rs.1,02,990.00
Engineered for high-performance gaming anywhere, the Alienware 13 combines stunningly powerful performance and incredibly mobile design.

alien 15
Rs.1,19,990.00
A 35.1cm (15) laptop with dynamic overclocking and built with carbon-fiber for the ultimate gaming experience. 

alien 17
Rs.1,63,990.00
Roaring graphics. Massive screen. Alienware 17 is the gamer's choice for power and performance. Add the optional Graphics Amplifier to push your at-home gaming experience over the edge.

XPS
For the ultimate experience
XPS delivers the ultimate experience with the highest resolution displays, exceptional build quality, unique materials and powerful features.

xps 13
Rs.95,990.00
Discover the ultimate compact 33cm (13) performance laptop with a touch screen.

wings of fire
Rs.169.00
If you want to leave your footprints in the sands of time, do not drag your feet." These are one of the most enduring lines that still lay etched in my memory.This book is best suited for reading for the teenagers, to dream and to dare. It shows, how a person from the modest background ends up in being the First Citizen of a nation of one billion. It shows how a scientist, devoid of basic tools, helps in culmination of a program which other love to loathe and deride. It shows a man, who lived his life in terms of his principles and nothing else. It shows how a common man, like you and me, can achieve when he can dream. And finally, it teaches how to dream.

A Game Of Thrones: The Story Continues: The Complete Boxset Of All 7 Books (A Song Of Ice And Fire) By George R. R. Martin
Rs.3237.00
HBO's hit series A GAME OF THRONES is based on George R R Martin's internationally bestselling series A SONG OF ICE AND FIRE, the greatest fantasy epic of the modern age. George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series has set the benchmark for contemporary epic fantasy. Labelled by Time magazine as one of the top 100 most influential people in the world, Martin has conjured a world as complex and vibrant as that of J.R.R. Tolkien, populated by a huge cast of fascinating, complex characters, and boasting a history that stretches back twelve thousand years. Three great storylines weave through the books, charting the civil war for control of the Seven Kingdoms; the defence of the towering Wall of ice in the uttermost north against the unearthly threat of the Others; and across the Narrow Sea the rise to power of Daenerys Targaryen and the last live dragons in the world.

The Count of Monte Cristo (Bantam Classics)
Rs.158.00
Set against the turbulent years of the Napoleonic era, Alexandre Dumas's thrilling adventure story is one of the most widely read romantic novels of all time. In it the dashing young hero, Edmond Dantès, is betrayed by his enemies and thrown into a secret dungeon in the Chateau d'If -- doomed to spend his life in a dank prison cell. The story of his long, intolerable years in captivity, his miraculous escape, and his carefully wrought revenge creates a dramatic tale of mystery and intrigue and paints a vision of France -- a dazzling, dueling, exuberant France -- that has become immortal. 

Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories: Volumes I and II
Rs.198.55
Since his first appearance in Beeton’s Christmas Annual in 1887, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s Sherlock Holmes has been one of the most beloved fictional characters ever created. Now, in one eBook, Bantam Classics presents all fifty-six short stories and four novels featuring Conan Doyle’s classic hero—a truly complete collection of Sherlock Holmes’s adventures in crime!


